Worient's summit
I'm not ready to laugh at you.
I'll do it now.
Please raise your hand.
That's it.
That's the way it is.
I'm sorry.
Please be happy.
Please.
I have to mix the tofu.
I'm sorry.
Please be happy.
I ask for the Sui no Sata.
I Mirai
Pattu
Cooked
Niez
Diaz
Kite
Ask okay?
I hit is not take a shot
The
talk
You say to the back ship
To the front
Roll back the back 600
Roll down
Please raise the Honan-zuwa as much as you can.
It's not good to raise it, but it's good to lower it.
It's getting faster and faster, but please be careful.
I'm going to raise it.
It's not easy to raise it.
It's not good to raise it.
I'm going to raise it.
Please raise the Honan-zuwa as much as you can.